18	第十七套题更新——2022.2.20 17：00场
18.1	阅读
18.2	看图：
图1:在一个城市的街边，有五个人，左边一个穿红衣服的女人在回头看，中间三个人在骑自行车等着过马路，右边一个女生坐在长椅上，旁
边有个大遮阳伞。
图2:在一个打印是里，左边一男一女，女的手里有本书，男的指着书在说话，右边是两台大打印机。

18.3	问答：
家和公司的距离有多远？怎么通勤？
18.4	日程安排：
1. check in hotel的时间是什么时候？
2. 是不是有两样xx活动（有一项被取消了）
跟本地食物有关的活动（两项，一项是传统食物，一项是本地市场买东西）记不清了
18.5	表达观点
3. 为了获得成功去冒险值不值得？



7	其他题：（不完整）
7.1	问答
3、第1个问题：经常骑自行车吗；
Yes, I ride the bicycle to arrive the office every day. It can exercise my body. It make my body healthier
第2个问题：去买东西是骑自行车还是别的？（简单所以没记全）
There is a distance between metro station and my office. So I ride shared bicycle every day. It’s convenient and saves time.
I ride my bicycle when I buy a small amount of stuff. But If I go to the supermarket to buy a lot of things, I will drive my car.
你那里有没有自行车俱乐部，你有没有参加啥的（待确认）
There is a bicycle club in our company. They have a ride almost every weekend. But I didn't join this club, because I need to take care of my kids on the weekend.


第4题：如果你自己可以规划上班时间，你希望的上班开始和结束时间是什么时候？
If I can decide on my work time, I wish to work from 8 am to 6 pm. I can take my children to the school.
第5题：忘了
第6题：是问文化实践在教育中是否重要 比如去博物馆 听音乐会；
Cultural [ˈkʌltʃərəl] practice is important in education. For example, if we go to a museum, we can learn more about the history of the country clearly.

7.2	表达观点
六：第11题，好像是问喜欢坐办公室的工作，还是喜欢出去多和客户交流的工作
喜欢和人进行沟通，可以感受不同的人，带给我不一样的感觉，和每个人在交流的过程中，真的会明白很多不同的事情的，同一件商品，不同的人会有不一样的感觉，怎么让顾客说出她真实的想法，我个人感觉很重要。了解客户的真实想法
Based on my experience, I like the job of communication with the customer. 
Reasons are as below.
Frist of all, it is the best way to get what the customer want, which help us to work efficiently.
Secondly, I can learn more and good ideas through the communication with customer, then I can improve myself.
Finally，we will become good friends with communication frequently, which is benefit for my job.
Above reasons are why I like the job of communication with customer.

11题是 新员工培养，自己独立上手，还是 老员工帮忙辅导
Based on my experience, for the training of new employees, they need the help of old employees. 
Reasons are as below.
First of all, the old employee can share their experience to them, which can help them to make rapid progress.
Secondly, it is the efficient way to find root cause, when they meet the problems, and then they can solve them quickly.
 Finally, the new employee can share their new ideas, which will help the old employee to make the work better.
Above reasons are why I think, for the training of new employees, they need the help of old employees.
12题是：有些人你觉得人毕业后的第一份工作对他或她的后续职业有很大影响，你认可还是不认可，为什么
Based on my experience, I think that the first job after graduation has a great impact on his or her following career. 
Reasons are as below.
First of all, if we choose a first suitable job, it will help us to improve our ability quickly and accumulate (əˈkjuːmjəleɪt) our experience step by step.
Secondly, we can increase contacts after years of work at the fisrt job, which will help us to get more opportunities of promotion. 
Finally, if we change the first job, our experience will be zero, we will lost our competitive power and [[kəmˈpetətɪv] and it is difficult to find another job you want. 
Above reasons are why I think that the first job after graduation has a great impact on his or her following career.


